QUESTION : so if no language present in the accept language is present , then the language thats in info will be displayed to client??

ANSWER:

Yes, that's correct! 
When a web server receives a request from a client, it checks the `Accept-Language` header to determine 
the preferred language(s) of the client. If the server doesn't find any language that it supports in the `Accept-Language` 
header, it can fall back to a default language, often specified in the server's configuration or in the application code. 
This default language, sometimes referred to as the "fallback language," will be used for content delivery to 
the client in the absence of a preferred language from the client's side.


Here's an example to illustrate the concept:

Let's say you have a website with content available in English, Spanish, and French. 
When a client (such as a web browser) makes a request to your server to access your website, 
it sends an `Accept-Language` header indicating its preferred languages, ordered by priority. For instance:

                
                Accept-Language: en-US,en;q=0.9,es;q=0.8,fr;q=0.7


In this example, the client prefers English (en) first, then Spanish (es), and finally French (fr).



Now, let's consider a scenario where the client's preferred languages are not supported by your website. 
For instance, the client sends the following `Accept-Language` header:


            Accept-Language: de-DE,de;q=0.9,it;q=0.8


In this case, the client prefers German (de) first, followed by Italian (it). 
Since your website doesn't support these languages, the server needs to decide what language to display.

The server can fall back to a default language specified in its configuration or application code. 
Let's say the default language is English. In this scenario, since none of the client's preferred languages are supported, the server 
would respond with content in English.

So, even though the client prefers German or Italian, it will receive content in English because that's the fallback language 
configured on the server.


